hey what's going on YouTube welcome to a
commentary about the advantages of PC
gaming but first I'm going to announce a
give away from my subscribers I have
five copies of killing floor the game
you're seeing now to give away it's made
by tripwire the same developers of the
Red Orchestra World War two sim game The
Killing Floor is a zombie way defense
game and it's incredibly addicting but
I'm not really good at it yet i'm
playing it solo in a video but its best
enjoy cooperatively to be eligible to
win be sure to subscribe and leave a
comment about why you like pc gaming
i'll announce the winners in my next
video and then we'll come out sometime
in the next two days and it will be a
follow-up to my pc gaming QA a lot of
personal preference goes into choosing a
platform on which to play video games in
the war of console vs pc holistically
one is not inherently better than the
other choosing one is a matter of
personal gaming goals and personal means
but if i were asked to convince a long
time console gamer about the value of PC
gaming and why i am a pc gamer these are
the 10 best reasons i would have for
them reason number 10 is that pc has the
most exclusives here's an infographic
that someone on reddit found that
showcases how many exclusives are coming
out for each of the next gen consoles
and then how many excuses are coming out
for PC it's not even funny how much pc
wins by The Killing Floor the game
you're seeing now is a pc exclusive
league of legends the most played video
game in the world by a large margin is a
pc exclusive and then you have a lot of
free to play games like Hawken
planetside 2 even world of warcraft at
lower levels is free to play star wars
the old republic is free to play there
might be a little bit of a paywall to
access advanced features but nonetheless
there are hours of enjoyment to be found
in free games on pc that are exclusive
to the platform reason number 9 is that
pc has the best indie game support any
games will be available on the xbox one
and the PlayStation 4 but most quality
indie games will be available first on
the pc or exclusive to the pc chivalry
medieval warfare is a recent quality
indie title that has come out pc is a
platform that has the easiest way to
market and distribute indie games and
there are many development kits readily
available like
Unity engine kit and the unreal engine
kit indie games are some of the best
developer supported games there are and
the developers have the most direct
contact with their community than in any
other type of game reason number eight
is that PC has guaranteed backwards
compatibility the Xbox one is not
backwards compatible with xbox 360 or
the original xbox games and the
playstation 4 only has access to the
playstation legacy library through gai
kya streaming a pc can play decade's
worth of most games designed for it and
it's backwards compatible with games
that weren't even released for it
through emulators you can play Nintendo
64 Super Nintendo or playstation 1 games
on the pc reason number seven is that pc
hardware is not confined to a 10-year
cycle the xbox one and the PlayStation 4
internal specifications are pretty much
locked at this point games will look
better and better on those consoles as
developers make better use of code but
not at the rate that gains will look
better on pc do to better technology
each console generation you're confined
to what microsoft sony and nintendo
decide to do with their hardware but
when you're investing in a pc you're
making a lifelong gaming investment you
adopt new technology at your own pace
reason number six is that you have more
freedom of choice on PC you have
complete control of what you want to do
with it you choose the case you want to
use for your PC you choose your inner
components like your CPU and your GPU
and you can choose what your desktop
looks like but when you're using the
Xbox one you're confined to using their
dashboard with ads all over the place
there are more companies making more
peripherals for PC gaming so you have
more choice there you can choose whether
to use a mouse and keyboard for gaming
or a controller or even use a motion
controller like the Razer Hydra when
those eight even has built-in
touchscreen support so the choice is all
yours reason number five is that you
learn more about gaming in general by
playing on PC through building a pc you
learn about your hardware and how it
contributes to advancements in gaming by
making certain tweaks while looking at
game files I've learned a lot about how
games are coded without personally
knowing any programming languages so I
find that to be pretty cool that I'm
learning
out game design on the side reason
number four is that you have less
expensive games on PC some but not all
games launched four or five to ten
dollars cheaper on PC than they do on
consoles and the steam sale is going on
right now a lot of games are 75 percent
off seriously I just got deus ex human
revolution for three dollars and i'm
looking at a fallout new vegas complete
pack for five dollars reason number
three is that pc games can have mods
anyone who plays skyrim on pc knows they
get infinite free content from mods
entire games were made out of mods like
counter-strike daisy and DOTA mods
extend the replay value of the game and
encourage community engagement and this
is a free feature found only on PCs
reason number two is that pcs can use
better displays we can play on high
resolutions like 1440p and we can game
across multiple monitors at resolutions
like 57 60 x 1080 the oculus rift will
be released first for the PC and it will
be quite possibly the biggest gaming
innovation of all time 3d gaming is also
possible with modern hardware and ever
since I got my nvidia 3d vision glasses
3d gaming to me is one of the best
features available in modern games and
it is always something i am looking
forward to trying in new game releases
the number one reason why pc gaming is
awesome is that pcs can use better
hardware and are capable of better
graphics I don't really have to explain
this point just watch my last video and
you'll get the idea so these are my top
10 reasons for why i am a pc gamer i
really appreciate you watching this
video all the way through be sure to
subscribe and leave a comment about why
you like pc gaming to be eligible to
participate in the giveaway my name is
david and i'll see you next video
member